!! Other options
border.width: 1
padding.width: 3
padding.height: 3

!! All windows
window.label.text.justify: center
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0

!! Active windows
window.active.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #2a2a2a

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #9a9a9a

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #538349
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.hover.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #538349
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.border.color: #4a4a4a

!! Inactive windows
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #1a1a1a

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #aaaaaa

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #818181

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #538349
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #538349
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.border.color: #3a3a3a

!! Menus
menu.title.bg: Flat Solid
menu.title.bg.color: #333333
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.justify: Center

menu.separator.color: #5a5a5a
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 3
menu.separator.padding.height: 4

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #222222
menu.items.text.color: #dddddd
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #538349
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

menu.border.color: #5a5a5a

!! OSD
osd.bg: Flat Solid
osd.bg.color: #222222

osd.label.bg: Parentrelative
osd.label.text.color: #dddddd

osd.hilight.bg: Flat Solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #538349

osd.unhilight.bg: Flat Solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #333333

osd.border.color: #5a5a5a
